Improve the instructions to add benchmark files manually (#543)
awslabs/mountpoint-s3: doc/BENCHMARKING.md

        export S3_BUCKET_BENCH_FILE=bench_file_name
        export S3_BUCKET_SMALL_BENCH_FILE=small_bench_file_name

3. Create the bench files manually in your S3 bucket. You can do that by mounting the bucket on your machine using Mountpoint. Then, running fio jobs against your mount directory to let fio create the files for you.

>         mount-s3 DOC-EXAMPLE-BUCKET path/to/mount/ --prefix benchmark/ --part-size=16777216

Reviewer: Looks like we will have to replace every path/to/mount/ with the real path when following these steps. Maybe it's easier to put it in a variable and use that variable instead.

> 3. Create the bench files manually in your bucket(create a `benchmark` directory in it if not present). The size of the files must be exactly the same as the size defined in fio configuration files. The easiest way to do this is mounting your bucket on local file system using mountpoint-s3. Then, running fio against your mount directory to let fio create the files for you.

Reviewer: The command below already mount with `--prefix benchmark/`, so I think creating a `benchmark` directory is not necessary. More like
```suggestion
3. Create the bench files manually in your S3 bucket. You can do that by mounting the bucket on your machine using Mountpoint. Then, running fio jobs against your mount directory to let fio create the files for you.
```

        cd mountpoint-s3/scripts/fio/

>         fio --directory=path/to/mount/ --filename=bench5MB.bin read/seq_read_small.fio --create-only=1

Reviewer: Does this really work? I thought job options are supposed to come before job file. Same for other commands.
```suggestion
        fio --directory=path/to/mount/ --filename=bench5MB.bin --create-only=1 read/seq_read_small.fio
```

Author: `create_only=1` works with it being after the job file. I just tried it for small files it does not run other jobs and just create the file.

Reviewer: nit: still other options are the the front. we should group them together, I think.

>         mount-s3 your-bucket-name your_mount_dir/ --allow-delete --prefix benchmark/

Reviewer: We don't need `--allow-delete`. Also, we use `DOC-EXAMPLE-BUCKET` and `/path/to/mount` in other documents. Probably use the same for consistency.
```suggestion
        mount-s3 DOC-EXAMPLE-BUCKET /path/to/mount --prefix benchmark/
```

Reviewer: Oh, I forget one thing that we will need `--part-size` because the default part size won't be enough to create a 100GB file.

>         cd your_mount_dir/

Reviewer: cd into the mount directory will make the next commands fail, right? we will get file not found when referencing `mountpoint-s3/scripts/fio/read/seq_read_small.fio`.

Instead, I would prefer to cd into `mountpoint-s3/scripts/fio` all the fio commands will be shorter.

>         fio --directory=your_mount_dir --filename=bench5MB.bin mountpoint-s3/scripts/fio/read/seq_read_small.fio

Reviewer: Can we use `--create_only=1` option so we don't really have to run the benchmark? We only want to create the files.

        fio --directory=path/to/mount/ --filename=bench100GB.bin read/seq_read.fio --create-only=1
        mkdir path/to/mount/bench_dir_100/ path/to/mount/bench_dir_1000/ path/to/mount/bench_dir_10000/ path/to/mount/bench_dir_100000/

>         fio --directory=path/to/mount/bench_dir_100 create/create_files_100.fio --create-only=1

Reviewer: We don't need `--create-only=1` for these `create_files_*` jobs. They're doing just that anyway.

        export S3_BUCKET_BENCH_FILE=bench_file_name
        export S3_BUCKET_SMALL_BENCH_FILE=small_bench_file_name

3. Create the bench files manually in your S3 bucket. You can do that by mounting the bucket on your machine using Mountpoint. Then, running fio jobs against your mount directory to let fio create the files for you.

>         MOUNT_DIR = path/to/mount

Reviewer: nit: remove the space.
```suggestion
        MOUNT_DIR=path/to/mount
```
